congratulations Apple you finally done
it there may have been a ton of fluff at
this year's iPhone launch event but
those nuggets of goodness in between
have taken me from H as a tech reviewer
I'm probably overdue to daily and iPhone
for a bit to I want the new iPhone now
all I have to do is figure out whether I
want to spend a kidney on a 16 or give
up my liver for the 16 Pro Max and while
I'm at it whether the airpods fours with
ANC are worth the extra 50 bucks over
the regular one actually the new watch
looks kind of of compelling too so let's
dive into everything that Apple
announced and I'll let you guys know
what parts of the ecosystem I'm excited
about and which ones are going to have
me missing my trusty note 9 and I'm
going to dive into the segue to today's
sponsor paper like transform your iPad
with paperlike 2.1 enjoy the feel and
stroke resistance of paper without
sacrificing screen Clarity thanks to
their microe technology called Nano dots
check them out in the link in the
description
[Music]
let's kick things off with a product
they didn't launch the airpods pro 2os
these are my daily drivers and while
they are expensive I got to say it is
both cool and very appreciated to see
software updates that enhance a product
I already own and the best part is one
of the new features could save a lot of
people a lot of money not only are
hearing aids Limited in their
functionality I mean they're the
definition of a one-trick pony they're
often prohibitively expensive for no
apparent reason now Apple's interest in
Health Products has been clear for quite
a while and now that hearing aids are
available over the counter and I mean
hey Tim Cook ain't getting any younger
it looks like they finally pulled the
trigger taking the airpods pro 2os from
being one of the most expensive wireless
earphones to one of the most affordable
hearing aids well done apple and if you
wanted the opposite they are claiming to
offer built-in active hearing protection
now as well now it's not professional
grade I wouldn't expect to go target
shooting with a pair of these in but
prevel ANC should at least take the edge
off of lighter activities with up to two
times more noise cancelling power and
the coolest part is they'll be blending
these Technologies together I often use
ANC to tone down the environment around
me and I'll never forget the time that I
got a DM from someone in our audience
who had sensory overload issues as well
who told me how happy they were with my
recommendation now that they can finally
enjoy being in crowded spaces except it
can still be kind of awkward when you
bump into someone that you want to talk
to and you have to give them the old
sorry uh one sec well no more with
adaptive audio Apple claims that they
can automatically prioritize The Sounds
you need lowering your music on Q then
they can crank your media and your ANC
back up whether you're an Apple fan or
not that's pretty awesome oh and I guess
there was also some new hardware the
airpods 4 non-pros are getting an a andc
option if you want to pay a little bit
extra I mean personally I think if
you're already moving up from 130 to 180
I'd rather have the pro tws with their
silicone ear tips for probably better
noise isolation but it's nice to have
ANC available in the regular lineup and
the regular 4S are also getting some
other minor upgrades including USBC
charging oh and I guess the airpods max
is getting USBC charging in some new
colors for the dozens of people who care
about those now let's talk about the
iPhone just like we saw on the new iPad
Pro Apple skipped a chip generation on
the base iPhone going from the a16
bionic all the way to the new second gen
3 Nom a18 this puts this entire iPhone
generation in a great position to
support Apple's new AI or apple
intelligence features they're claiming
it is up to 30% faster for CPU tasks and
up to 40% faster on the GPU of course
though that is compared to the older a16
which is in the nonpr 15 range and it's
still a 2p core 4E Core Design but
that's still a really nice uplift now
all I have to hope for is that the Mac
rumors rumor is right and that it has 8
gigs of their new faster memory instead
of Apple cheaping out as usual they
didn't mention how much RAM the new
phones have in the presentation and the
text speex page is annoyingly devoid of
Minor Details like how much RAM my
pocket computer has even so it's
definitely looking like time to make the
switch at least for a bit the action
button now comes standard I love that
the display can get super bright up to
2,000 nits but more importantly for me
it can now come down to a shockingly dim
one knit guys don't underestimate how
important that is if you're using the
phone in the dark next to a sleeping
partner and this is cool if the third
party app support can let me unlock my
car dude I might make the change
permanent I mean seriously Porche this
key really does make it look like I am
compensating for something anyway the
iPhone 16 can shoot spatial images now
for those Vision Pro users out there and
the new macro photography option looks
great honestly the biggest Factor
pushing me toward a new iPhone though is
IOS 18 it genuinely looks like the
absolute bomb and sure whether the
neural engine and apple intelligence is
going to change my day-to-day life is
yet to be determined you can't Overlook
Apple's execution here they have
recognized the AI boom and all the
pressure that's on them to be a leader
and they are just plowing head first
into it so if they can bring some
serious Hardware to the table I mean I
never even mentioned the juicy camera
upgrades the out of this world screen
durability claims or the new colors and
they can manage to make their contrived
AI demos actually translate to real
world use the rest of the market needs
to be figuring out how to react to this
announcement I'd say the only thing
seriously missing for the nonpr Pro
Models is any mention of a 120 HZ
display I mean you can get high refresh
rate screens on like several hundred
Android devices now and I hate seeing
this kind of Penny pitching on what are
still premium devices I do get that they
want to push power users to the pro but
I kind of hate that here because all of
the pros other advantages most people
don't need them and in some cases they
seem really small like for one thing
Apple specifically avoided comparing the
premium A8 Pro chip to the regular a18
well that's probably because if we look
at Apple's math 30% better than a16 and
15% better than a17 Pro appear to be
pretty much the same thing I guess the
new encoding capabilities that allow the
Pro Models to shoot 4K 120 FPS is kind
of cool the screen is also a touch
bigger on the pro lineup with smaller
bezels you get faster USB always on
display okay that's pretty cool and
they're made of titanium instead of
aluminum but even with the new image
processor I just don't see professional
work environments ever swapping over to
shooting on a phone versus using a
proper camera that is unless they're
working in extremely tight spaces just
like you can use our new Precision
screwdriver for tiny electronics and
tight spaces LTT
store.com Apple says that the new iPhone
16 Pro is like having Seven Pro lenses
in your pocket but is it really maybe
for travel vloggers and that bit where
they shot the weekend's music video was
legitimately very cool props to those
guys but without proper support for
interchangeable lenses it's just never
going to be above hobbiest grade
coincidentally guys we just shot an
entire video with the iPhone 15 Pro Max
and our Shooters made it work it's a
pretty good-looking video but they
really missed the larger sensor of a
proper camera and it took some doing to
get the lighting to make it look that
good I'm getting some nods from my
camera guy right now the new audio mix
feature is actually super cool looking
though at $11,000 for the pro and ,200
for the pro Max it's hard to justify
when most of the new hotness like the
action button and the camera control
features are on the base models as well
and I think I'm probably going to go
with a non-pro plus changing here like
we saw with the airpods pro 2os Apple
has decided that the Apple watch Ultra 2
it's good enough already so it's just
getting a software update and now comes
in satin black and has a new band very
nice but that's an $800 watch and while
it is great to see ongoing software
support it's even better to see Hardware
improvements for everyone else in the
form of the Apple Watch series 10 it's
nearly 10% thinner than its predecessor
while sporting a bigger display and
their new S10 processor with a four core
neural engine they've also got this
Nifty new wide-angle OLED that
supposedly increases brightness by up to
40% when viewing it off axis which to be
fair it's probably a pretty common use
case for a watch if you want to do a
quick sneaky sneak what time is it it do
I need to
go and there's more the display promises
faster refresh rates and always on mode
and the series 10 also charges faster
allegedly 80% battery in just 30 minutes
which is great for those of you who use
it for sleep tracking also the antenna
is built into the back making it one
solid piece and you can get it in
titanium which should be 20% lighter
than the old stainless steel versions
and leave your wallet over 20% lighter
while it's at it the series 10 can now
also play audio from the speaker I don't
know how important it is to me to use my
Watch as a Bluetooth speaker but hey
maybe if you take calls from your watch
a lot maybe the audio quality is also
better I don't know they've also got
cool background noise suppression
working though so people should be able
to hear you loud and clear when you're
speaking into your wrist and that could
actually be crucial say for example if
you've fallen in a noisy environment and
the watch is your lifeline for help
because it's not an Apple watch this is
illustrative Apple continues to Brand
their watches as not just Tech and
lifestyle but as a way forward to a
better life with all of their health and
uh vital zap updates is detecting
indicators for sleep apnea cool actually
yeah that's super cool especially given
how many people have undiagnosed sleep
apnea but as an outsider I really don't
think that adopting the Apple ecosystem
is going to magically change my life I'm
going to miss things like side loing
apps and I may just have to maintain a
cheap Android device on the side for the
handful of apps that I use that aren't
available in my region there were a
bunch of other smaller features that
they mentioned like new watch band
Partnerships and colorway
there's some rehashing of the Siri
updates that we saw at WWDC and they
mentioned again how they're moving to
100% renewable energy and becoming
carbon neutral by 2030 does this mean
they will stop hiring contractors to
shred perfectly functional devices who
knows they also boasted of their
supposedly verifiable privacy promise to
go along with all of this AI processing
and to that I say really tell that to
China and the Apple data centers that
are allegedly able to be accessed by the
CCP clearly Apple's going to bend the
knee when they're faced with the
prospect of being booted out of a Major
Market but with that said it's not like
I've seen evidence that they're any
worse than the rest of our big Tech
overlords and overall I'm super
impressed with everything I saw today
especially how long they continue to
support their older products Google
finally offers 7 years of software
support for their new pixels but they're
only doing that going forward meanwhile
Apple today is bringing iOS 18 to phones
all the way back to the iPhone 10s a
device from six years ago so there's a
lot to like from what we saw today but I
don't blame you guys who are watching
this just to see what you're going to
hate this year because as great as those
devices may be it still is a very closed
ecosystem and that's not for everybody
for the people who do like the ecosystem
though including myself I'm going to
give it a shot we're going to have all
the new devices linked down below now I
just need to decide what color of iPhone
16 I want and how I'm going to segue to
our sponsor delete me what does delete
me and a certain baldheaded action movie
star have in common they're all about
the families delete me's family plans
make sharing and caring simple and
affordable keep an eye out for everyone
thanks to a central dashboard that lets
you add members and set up their
profiles to receive individualized
reports it's simple too just fill in
what needs to be removed and delete me
experts will scour the web for emails
phone numbers addresses and more their
service even includes automated removal
opt out monitoring so your records don't
just get thrown back in the pile after
they've been taken down saying no to
data Brokers acting all fast and furious
with your family's information check out
delet me's family plans at join delet
me.com lt20 and use code lt20 to get 20%
off that's a lot of 20 if you guys
enjoyed this video check out our WWDC
coverage iOS 18 is
looking pretty great